# Go API client for subspace_openapi_client

# Introduction

The Subspace API is based on REST, has resource-oriented URLs, returns JSON-encoded responses, and returns standardHTTP response codes.

The base URL for the API is `https://api.subspace.com/`

# Naming Convention

**EARLY ACCESS NOTE:** There is no “stable” version yet.  Once there is, the version name **stable** will be used to access the latest stable API version.
  * Example: `https://api.subspace.com/stable`
* Version name currently in use is: *v1*
  * Example: `https://api.subspace.com/v1`

# Authentication

## API Tokens

Subspace authenticates your API requests using JWT Bearer tokens.  The provided client library requires this JWT to be set before it can be used, by setting the local access token in the local configuration.  This is done by updating the configuration line marked "ACCESSTOKENSTRING" by replacing the text "ACCESSTOKENSTRING" with your JWT Bearer token.

Bearer tokens are granted by requesting one (as noted below) and presenting your publishable (client_id) and secret (client_secret) tokens.   

Subspace provides two types of API tokens: publishable (client_id) and secret (client_secret).  These are available in the Subspace console.
  * **Publishable** API tokens (client_id) are meant solely to identify your account with Subspace, they aren’t secret. They can be published in places like your website JavaScript code, or in an iPhone or Android app.
  * **Secret** API tokens (client_secret) should be kept confidential and only stored on your own servers. Your account’s secret API token will allow you to acquire a valid JWT token authorized to perform any API request to Subspace.

## Getting a JWT Bearer Token

Subspace uses auth0 for JWT token management.  You can acquire a JWT token by utilizing `https://id.subspace.com` and following the instructions in the curl example below.

## Protecting Your API Tokens

  * **JWT tokens have a expiration time of 24 hours.**  Once expired, you will have to use your Subspace private API and public token to request a new one.
  * The Subspace private token can be rotated from within the Subspace console.  Rotation may take up to 10 minutes for all systems to update state to invalidate the older token and enable the new one.
* **Keep your secret token safe.** Your secret token can make any API call on behalf of your account, including changes that may impact billing such as enabling pay-as-you-go charges. Do not store your secret token in your version control system. Do not use your secret token outside your web server, such as a browser, mobile app, or distributed file.
  * **You may use the Subspace console to acquire an API token.**
 * **You may use the Subspace console to disable pay-as-you-go.** This may prevent unexpected charges due to unauthorized or abnormal usage.

**Acquiring a valid JWT**

Command line example:
```
curl --request POST 
         --url 'https://id.subspace.com/oauth/token' 
         --header 'content-type: application/json' 
         --data '{ "client_id": "YOURCLIENTID", "client_secret": "YOURCLIENTSECRET", "audience": "https://api.subspace.com/", "grant_type": "client_credentials" }'
```


## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 1.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen
For more information, please visit [https://subspace.com](https://subspace.com)

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```shell
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/oauth2
go get golang.org/x/net/context
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```golang
import sw "./subspace_openapi_client"
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```golang
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

## Configuration of Server URL

Default configuration comes with `Servers` field that contains server objects as defined in the OpenAPI specification.

### Select Server Configuration

For using other server than the one defined on index 0 set context value `sw.ContextServerIndex` of type `int`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextServerIndex, 1)
```

### Templated Server URL

Templated server URL is formatted using default variables from configuration or from context value `sw.ContextServerVariables` of type `map[string]string`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextServerVariables, map[string]string{
	"basePath": "v2",
})
```

Note, enum values are always validated and all unused variables are silently ignored.

### URLs Configuration per Operation

Each operation can use different server URL defined using `OperationServers` map in the `Configuration`.
An operation is uniquely identifield by `"{classname}Service.{nickname}"` string.
Similar rules for overriding default operation server index and variables applies by using `sw.ContextOperationServerIndices` and `sw.ContextOperationServerVariables` context maps.

```
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextOperationServerIndices, map[string]int{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": 2,
})
ctx = context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextOperationServerVariables, map[string]map[string]string{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": {
		"port": "8443",
	},
})
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.subspace.com*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*AcceleratorServiceApi* | [**AcceleratorServiceCreate**](docs/AcceleratorServiceApi.md#acceleratorservicecreate) | **Post** /v1/accelerators | CreateAccelerator
*AcceleratorServiceApi* | [**AcceleratorServiceDelete**](docs/AcceleratorServiceApi.md#acceleratorservicedelete) | **Delete** /v1/accelerators/{id} | DeleteAccelerator
*AcceleratorServiceApi* | [**AcceleratorServiceGet**](docs/AcceleratorServiceApi.md#acceleratorserviceget) | **Get** /v1/accelerators/{id} | GetAccelerator
*AcceleratorServiceApi* | [**AcceleratorServiceList**](docs/AcceleratorServiceApi.md#acceleratorservicelist) | **Get** /v1/accelerators | ListAccelerators
*AcceleratorServiceApi* | [**AcceleratorServiceUpdate**](docs/AcceleratorServiceApi.md#acceleratorserviceupdate) | **Put** /v1/accelerators/{id} | UpdateAccelerator
*SipTeleportServiceApi* | [**SipTeleportServiceCreate**](docs/SipTeleportServiceApi.md#sipteleportservicecreate) | **Post** /v1/sip-teleports | CreateSipTeleport
*SipTeleportServiceApi* | [**SipTeleportServiceDelete**](docs/SipTeleportServiceApi.md#sipteleportservicedelete) | **Delete** /v1/sip-teleports/{id} | DeleteSipTeleport
*SipTeleportServiceApi* | [**SipTeleportServiceGet**](docs/SipTeleportServiceApi.md#sipteleportserviceget) | **Get** /v1/sip-teleports/{id} | GetSipTeleport
*SipTeleportServiceApi* | [**SipTeleportServiceList**](docs/SipTeleportServiceApi.md#sipteleportservicelist) | **Get** /v1/sip-teleports | ListSipTeleports
*SipTeleportServiceApi* | [**SipTeleportServiceUpdate**](docs/SipTeleportServiceApi.md#sipteleportserviceupdate) | **Put** /v1/sip-teleports/{id} | UpdateSipTeleport


## Documentation For Models

 - [Body](docs/Body.md)
 - [Body1](docs/Body1.md)
 - [ProtobufAny](docs/ProtobufAny.md)
 - [RpcStatus](docs/RpcStatus.md)
 - [V1Accelerator](docs/V1Accelerator.md)
 - [V1ListAcceleratorsResponse](docs/V1ListAcceleratorsResponse.md)
 - [V1ListSipTeleportResponse](docs/V1ListSipTeleportResponse.md)
 - [V1NextPage](docs/V1NextPage.md)
 - [V1Protocol](docs/V1Protocol.md)
 - [V1SipTeleportResponse](docs/V1SipTeleportResponse.md)
 - [V1SipTeleportStatus](docs/V1SipTeleportStatus.md)
 - [V1TeleportAddresses](docs/V1TeleportAddresses.md)
 - [V1TransportType](docs/V1TransportType.md)


## Documentation For Authorization



### accessCode


- **Type**: OAuth
- **Flow**: application
- **Authorization URL**: 
- **Scopes**: 
 - **accelerators:read**: allows reading details about provisioned PacketAccelerators
 - **accelerators:write**: allows administration of PacketAccelerators
 - **sipteleport:read**: allows reading details about provisioned SIPTeleport
 - **sipteleport:write**: allows administration of SIPTeleport

Example

```golang
auth := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextAccessToken, "ACCESSTOKENSTRING")
r, err := client.Service.Operation(auth, args)
```

Or via OAuth2 module to automatically refresh tokens and perform user authentication.

```golang
import "golang.org/x/oauth2"

/* Perform OAuth2 round trip request and obtain a token */

tokenSource := oauth2cfg.TokenSource(createContext(httpClient), &token)
auth := context.WithValue(oauth2.NoContext, sw.ContextOAuth2, tokenSource)
r, err := client.Service.Operation(auth, args)
```


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`

## Author

sales@subspace.com

